README.md, before:

# Overview

This project demonstrates the use of NATS messaging system. For details of NATS please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.nats.io/).

## Content

* [Pub Sub](./pubsub/doc.mdq)
* [Request Reply](./reqreply/doc.md)


## Disclaimer

This project is for educational purposes only. It is not a production-ready solution and requires significant modifications, rigorous security audits, and extensive testing before use in any production environment.

This project is ongoing and may undergo changes without prior notification. By using this project, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk. The authors of this project accept no liability for any issues or damages resulting from its use. Please use this project as a learning resource and not as a fully functional or secure application.

## Copyright

Unless otherwise specified, this project is copyrighted as follows:

Copyright 2024 The Contributors to go-nats

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Please refer to the CONTRIBUTORS file for a list of contributors or the repository's commit history.

Commit message:

Refactor project
- Remove Go working examples
- Disambiguate docker and other deployment

Signed-off-by: Paul Sitoh <paulwizviz@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Learn NATS

This project provides working examples and references to information about configure NATS servers.

## Content

* [Docker deployment working examples](./deployments/docker/doc.md)

## Disclaimer

This project is for educational purposes only. It is not a production-ready solution and requires significant modifications, rigorous security audits, and extensive testing before use in any production environment.

This project is ongoing and may undergo changes without prior notification. By using this project, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk. The authors of this project accept no liability for any issues or damages resulting from its use. Please use this project as a learning resource and not as a fully functional or secure application.

## Copyright

Unless otherwise specified, this project is copyrighted as follows:

Copyright 2024 The Contributors to learn-nats

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Please refer to the CONTRIBUTORS file for a list of contributors or the repository's commit history.
